# etch-a-sketch
Before:
In this project we will be creating a website that will have something between a sketchpad and a etch-a-sketch.
This project will also be going into the portfolio to express our understanding of DOM Manipulation and everything we have learned previously.

What I Struggled With:
Overall I would have to say that I learned the most from this project. Important things such as function use within another function, file splitting, the right variables and also how to use them effectively.
Completing this project took me a while due to taking a break and also just from trial and error. However, the amount of trial and error allowed me to learn a lot more than I would have if I just succeeded in the beginning. My first attempt had all my code in the html file, which looked messy and I eventually learned about splitting my files into 3: index.html, style.css, and script.js. At this point my code now looked more organized, but the next issue was learning how to have each file read and cooperate from each other, and the answer to do that was DOM Manipulation. Now this section in particular brought many issues and even made me have to completely rewrite my code. However, I learned how to even manipulate the style sheet within a function in the script file which I believe to be an important thing to learn. In particular, when creating the grid it was much easier to create the rows and columns using "gridTemplateColumns and gridTemplateRows" with a variable in the script file, and that took a while to figure out. Resetting and even creating the grid brought their own series of issues however rewriting and changing parts of it was definitley helpful and I hope that in the future I will take a step back to see the bigger picture when writing functions.

After:
In all I think that this project was one that really took seriously and tried to learn a lot from. And I am proud with how the results looked. I learned file splitting, DOM Manipulation within those files, and writing effective functions that work to create the project as a whole as if they were on file. All in all I think that I will take the lessons learned from this project into future endeavors.